“Pizza Panic” Game
        The game is called Pizza Panic. At the start of the game, the program initializes the levels and actors (lives, levels, people, pizzas, cars and dogs to serve as obstacles). The game waits for the user to hit the start button to begin the game where once it is pressed the game will begin and spawn the player actor who will move around the map to dodge obstacles and collect pizzas around the map to deliver to the people actors. While the user is moving around so are the enemies which would be the cars and dogs. If an enemy touches a player, the player loses 1 life out of 3 lives. Once the player actor loses all of their lives, the player actor loses the game. There are a set number of pizzas around the map to be delivered but increases arithmetically up to a set level. 
        The player actor will move in a 2d platform style to move throughout the world. The player actor can jump on top of enemy actors to eliminate them.The player actor must walk on top of the pizza to collect it with a max of 3 pizzas being able to be collected and deliver the pizza to the people by touching them with the player actor. If the player actor touches an obstacle, the player actor loses a life out of three. If the player actor loses a life, the player actor restarts the level they are on. Once the player actor delivers all the pizzas, the player actor moves onto the next level until the player actor beats the last level to beat the game.
Cars and dogs serve as the enemy actors that move around the map, the same way as the player but cannot jump. If the enemy actors are eliminated, the enemy actors will respawn in the next level. If the player actor touches an enemy actor without jumping on them, the player actor loses a life.
        The people actors will serve as receivers for the pizza deliveries that the player actor does. Once the player actor has delivered a pizza toward the people actor, the people actor will disappear. There will be a randomly generated area for the people actors to spawn at for each level.
        If the player loses all 3 lives by touching the enemy actors 3 times, the player will receive a “Game Over” screen where the game is over and inputs are no longer accepted. If the player makes it to the final level and beats it, a “You Win” text will pop up letting the player know they completed the game and inputs are also no longer accepted.


https://github.com/1nck404/CSC170